Chapter 1: Introduction
Introduction
The Dice Mechanic
Running the Game
Character Creation
Skills

Chapter 2: Progression
Progression
Talents

Chapter 3: Gu
Gu
Enslavement Path
Killer Moves

Chapter 4: Combat
Combat

Chapter 5: Southern Border
Southern Border
Commerce
Gear
Bestiary

Gu Index

PATHS

Blood Path
Easy to feed and refine. Offensive, relying on stacking the bleeding condition.

Dark Path
Subtle; the best concealments belong to Dark path. Marginally better defense than offense.

Earth Path
Great supporting path, allowing the manipulation of a battlefield. Well balanced between offense and defense.

Enslavement Path
Very expensive to cultivate; large and super clans may have 1-3 enslavement path gu masters to assist in wars. Smaller variety of Gu since much of the strength comes from Beast Enslavement Gu.

Fire Path
Explosive and very offensive. Movement type Gu use quick bursts of movement, and attacks often apply burning or ablaze to bypass shield gu.

Human Path
Very rare and mysterious. The Legends of Ren Zu, a common myth, is a Human Path inheritance of deep profundity.

Ice Path
Chilling and freezing enemies is of course included, but the true use of Ice Path is to control and move heat. Most methods deal cold damage and apply fatigued, but a few Gu deal heat damage and can even set people on fire. Blend of offense and defense.

Information Path
Used to create binding agreements between parties as well as to store and display information, whether that be writing or even videos and memories. Very few offensive or defensive methods and typically regarded as a logistical path.

Light Path
Speed is the theme of light path, with many Gu providing excellent movement or being unreactable. Light path also has superior cleansing methods, but its attacks are not very powerful and its defensive methods are few and far between.

Lightning Path
An offensive path with focus on high speed attacks.

Luck Path
Very rare path, monopolized by the Imperial Court of Northern Plains. Manipulates an ethereal 'luck', a force that can defy Heaven's Will and Fate Gu.

Metal Path
Similar to Earth Path, but with much more focus on defensive and especially offensive methods. 

Poison Path
Applies debilitating conditions to enemies. They may just deal damage or cause extreme symptoms. Some can even spread between creatures.

Refinement Path
Improves any aspect of gu refinement. Refinement path gu masters are often well respected, since they act as factories producing Gu for the clan. Cultivators can often be hired to produce Gu for a significant price.

Rule Path
Very uncommon, rule path Gu have very narrow use cases but can be very helpful for augmenting killer moves. Big Gu, Addition Gu, and Meter Gu are all rule path Gu.

Soul Path
Difficult to cultivate, soul path methods power is largely reliant on the user's soul strength. Stronger offensively, with few options when it comes to support.

Sound Path
Sound based investigative methods and attacks make up much of sound path. Its attacks are weaker than other offensive paths, but many shield Gu are unable to block sonic damage.

Space Path
Teleportation is the hallmark of space path, but some offensive and defensive methods exist.

Strength Path
Increasing the Gu Master's physical strength and survivability. Strength path gu masters have a lower primeval essence consumption rate since their attacks consist of punching the opponent in the face, but Gu can still be used to further augment attacks.

Sword Path
Indisputably the strongest offensive path. Attacks are difficult to avoid and deal massive damage, but the Gu are expensive to acquire and feed. Extremely weak defense.

Theft Path
An uncommon path that centers around stealing something from your opponent. Snatch Gu is the trademark, being able to steal Gu from an aperture, but many things can be stolen including money, luck, intelligence, etc. Theft Path methods are dangerous and hard to counter, but in return theft path has poor offensive capabilities.

Time Path
Manipulates the River of Time to speed up, slow down, and even stop the passage of time.

Transformation Path
Changing the users body temporarily. Transformation path gu masters rely on acquiring a full set of Gu for a particular transformation. When using all component Gu together, they form a killer move that the gu master does not need to deduce. Transformation path is very balanced, but each transformation has strengths and weaknesses.

Water Path
Manipulates water and fluids. More defensive, but water path attacks can still be devastating.

Wind Path
Manipulation of air currents and storms. Wind path methods usually need to be sustained several turns before they reach full strength. It is very rare for a wind path Gu Master to not also be a master of flying.

Wisdom Path
Used to deduce information. Not very useful in fights, but more prestigious wisdom path gu masters like Old Man Yan Shi have wisdom path killer moves that can be used in battle.

Wood Path
Support path with weak offense and defense. Many healing Gu belong to wood path, as well as buffs and debuffs.